#Install the required libraries:
	Open a terminal(WIN KEY +R cmd Enter) and run the following command to install the google-cloud-bigquery library:

	pip install google-auth google-auth-oauthlib google-auth-httplib2 google-api-python-client; pip install google-cloud-bigquery; pip install time; pip install twilio

#Replace the placeholders in the script with your own values.
	Open the file with a note editor or any editor u have installed .
	change these :
	line 23 : Replace YOUR_API_KEY and YOUR_API_SECRET with your Twilio API key and secret, which you can find in the Twilio Console.
	line 31 : Replace YOUR_WHATSAPP_PHONE_NUMBER with your WhatsApp sandbox phone number, which you can find in the Twilio Console.
	line 94 : Replace the phone numbers and table names in the table_mapping dictionary with your own values.Each phone is associated to the Project.analytics.intraday_ of each client ,if a client has two numbers , write the first one with the table and the second on with the same table , you can add as many as you want .
	for test purposes just put ur number to receive the info then change it later when the script is fully functional.

	line 101 : Replace The project IDs and give each project a path to the json file to the service account key file that you downloaded,You can download this file from the Google Cloud Console under the "IAM & Admin" section, each project should have it s json file , the path is something like this c:/users/thefile.json
	
	Line 118 : after you tested the script , remove the # the line should look like this time.sleep(86400) without the # , this line makes your script run every single day automatically.

#Save the script and run it.
	Save the script to a file, for example bot2.py.
	Open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you saved the script.
	Run the script using the following command:

	python bot2.py

	The script will execute and send WhatsApp messages to the clients based on the data in the BigQuery tables.
	Any errors that occur will be logged

#Potential Errors .
	If you receive an error message saying that a module or class is not found, make sure that you have installed the required libraries .

	If you receive an error message saying that the service account key file cannot be found, make sure that you have replaced path_to_key_file.json with the correct path to the file on your computer.

	If you receive an error message saying that the BigQuery client cannot be authenticated or authorized, make sure that you have replaced YOUR_PROJECT_ID with the correct ID of your Google Cloud project, and that the service account has the necessary permissions to access the BigQuery API.

	If you receive an error message saying that the Twilio client cannot be authenticated or authorized, make sure that you have replaced YOUR_API_KEY and YOUR_API_SECRET with the correct values from your Twilio account.

	If you receive an error message saying that the phone numbers or tables are not found, make sure that you have replaced the placeholders in the table_mapping dictionary with the correct phone numbers and table names.

	If you receive an error message saying that the message cannot be sent, make sure that you have replaced YOUR_WHATSAPP_PHONE_NUMBER with the correct WhatsApp sandbox phone number from your Twilio account.

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any more questions or need further assistance.